>> Brian Holt: We are going to fix our
tests cuz we broke them yet again.
So I want you to go ahead and
open search.jsx.
>> Brian Holt: We have a big problem here,
in fact, I'm to show you just to prove
that if I run yarn test here,
I think all of them fail.
Yep, total failure.
>> Brian Holt: For various reasons,
you can see it's gonna give you the stack
trace up there, but
I'll explain to you why.
The first thing that kind
of sucks with Redux and
integrating with connect is what
are we actually exporting here?
We're not actually exporting search,
right,
down here at the bottom,
we're exporting a connected search.
So let me demonstrate to you what I'm
talking about using the dev tools.
If I inspect here, I go into React,
notice,
>> Brian Holt: Let's see,
here I have search, right?
But what's the component above it?
It's a connected search, right?
It's a component that wraps Search,
and that's what Connect returns.
It returns a connected search, right?
This component inside of search.spec.jsx
that we're importing right here
is connected search,
which means this search depends on Redux.
Which is kind of a problem for us to test.
Because, I don't wanna bring in Redux
every time I wanna test this component.
I wanna test Search.
I don't wanna test Redux.
So there is a couple of
ways of mitigating this.
I'm gonna show you kind of
one of the easier ways.
So come back to search .jxs really quick.
Down here we're gonna have export default
connect, and that's totally fine.
But what we're gonna do here,
is we're going to say export
const Unwrapped = Search.
The only place that we're ever going
to use this is for testing purposes.
But we're just going to export
an unwrapped version of it, and
that's gonna be called Search.
>> Brian Holt: So now,
if we go back to Search.spec.jsx,
we can come in here and
say, import Unwrapped.
>> Brian Holt: And if you wanna make
it like a little bit more succinct in
the name you can say as UnwrappedSearch.
>> Brian Holt: That's how you do it,
if I just said unwrapped right
here it would be called unwrapped.
But I wanna make it a little
bit more accurate so
I'm gonna call it as UnwrappedSearch,
that's how you do that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Now with UnwrappedSearch,
I can just call this UnwrappedSearch.
And we also are going to have
to give it a search term,
>> Brian Holt: Because it depends on that
now
>> Brian Holt: So
let's comment these tests out first.
So I'm gonna say x test here, and not
comment them out but stop running them.
And I think,
>> Brian Holt: I think this
should work now.
If you say yarn test,
I'm gonna stop my API server and close it.
>> Brian Holt: So
our snapshot got updated here, right?
Before we used to have header
actually embedded into search.
We changed that so now it's a different
component that's a connect header, right?
That's fine, that's what we expect.
So we're gonna run this
again as yarn test:update.
>> Brian Holt: And now,
we have a passing test, right?
We fixed one of them, so
let's go fix another one.
>> Brian Holt: Same kinda story here,
we're gonna say UnwrappedSearch
>> Brian Holt: And this is going to be,
>> Brian Holt: Search term = blank,
our searchTerm, rather.
>> Brian Holt: And
make that test again so it will run.
Let's go make sure that that one works.
So we're gonna say yarn test again.
>> Brian Holt: Two passed.
Halfway there.
>> Brian Holt: So
now we want to test this one and
this one's a little bit tougher to test.
There's a couple things
that we could do here.
>> Brian Holt: We could test this,
>> Brian Holt: And
rather than kind of going
through the process and
simulating the vent and
all that stuff, we could try that.
You can totally just do
unwrappedSearch here and
say searchTerm equals
this is our search word.
Then we wouldn't have to do this,
stimulate business.
>> Brian Holt: I think that should for
the most part work.
>> Brian Holt: So let's see if that works.
I did not, I did, okay?
And so this works, right?
If you're happy with that test and
you don't actually wanna test the user
interaction, you just wanna test if you
give it a search word, that it renders
the right amount of cards, cool.
This totally works.